---
layout: post
title: What the hell am I doing
description: "Oh god, oh god, oh crap."
categories: articles
date: 2013-08-17
image:
  feature: babyface.jpg
---
Holy crap, what am I doing?  I recently released [Bespeak](https://www.bespeak.io/), and I figured this blog would be a good place to record my thoughts, tips, and experiences running a [SaaS application](/sites).  I really have no idea what I am doing.

I have been a Software Developer for a while, I have made more than a few websites, for more than a few clients.  I have an idea how to build web sites ... I *sort of* know what I am doing. But what have I got myself into?

I am now responsible for Marketing, Advertising, Customer Service, Billing, Maintenance, Development and everything else that comes with running a business. Why did I think this was a good idea?

My grandfather once told me: 

> It is a choice to be free, or to be in a cage. It is up to you, if you prefer to be safe, fed and caged, or fly freely and fight for your food.

Why am I doing this? **Because I am a Nomad.** At heart, I know I will never be happy unless I can take ownership of my work.  I know I will never be satisfied with being just some **cog in a wheel**. This is freedom.

Self-employment isn't some magical journey, or get rich quick scheme. It never was and it never will be.  Startups, Income Hacking, or even opening a shop has been, and always will be one of the most difficult, scary, and stressful things you can do.  Any one who tells you otherwise is full of shit.

> It is up to you.
